Free June 9 event: How to win brand visibility when AI decides what gets seen →
Solutions
Tools
Resources
Pricing
EN
Sign in
Request a demo
Start free trial
SEO Insights: Raw data turned into high-impact actions

Provides categorized SEO insights and data-driven recommendations to improve your or your client’s search rankings

Start free trial
Request a demo

TRUSTED BY 40,000+ AGENCIES

SEO Insights: Maximum impact that requires minimal resources
Reduce Time-Consuming Research

Save countless hours searching for key SEO trends and issues, minimizing manual effort and freeing up time for high-value efforts.

Single Out Hidden Data Gems

Turn complex datasets into clear, actionable insights that might go otherwise unnoticed. Prioritize recommendations on how to use these findings for maximum efficiency.

Enhance Multiple Clients Managing

Easily switch between different clients and get the latest SEO insights for their projects, thereby boosting your agency's efficiency and client satisfaction.

Get a list of practical SEO insights now!

Start free trial
Get quick, in-depth SEO insights into your and competitors’ performance
Streamline identification of keywords and pages with easy-to-improve positions

This insight helps you find keywords with high traffic potential and relatively low competition. For your convenience, the system identifies a combination of queries and pages that you can easily increase positions for. Enhancing content quality and performing on-page optimization around the terms it suggests can greatly increase your chances of improving your SERP positions.

Save time detecting the greatest climbers and newcomers among competitors in the top 10

This insight provides a list of competitors that either entered the SERP’s top 10 from below or moved more than 3 positions within it. To ignore temporary fluctuations, the system only collects data on SERP jumps that remain fixed for at least 3 days. With this data, you can discover any behind-the-scenes techniques or growing trends used by your competitors that could be useful for your own SEO strategy.

Expedite getting a list of site pages suffering from keyword cannibalization

This insight makes it easy to identify pages on your website that rank for the same keyword. The system performs daily keyword cannibalization checks for the 30 keywords with the highest search volume that have been added to the project. By stopping cannibalized pages from competing with each other, you may boost the target page’s chance to rank high on the SERP.

Speed up your business growth with our targeted and impactful SEO insights!
Start free trial
Optimize the process of spotting and improving pages with poor-quality content

This insight displays webpages with a content score lower than the average value of your competitors who are in the top 10. When calculating the content score, our algorithms consider factors like word count, target keyword usage across content, text quality, and more. Following the tips from our Content Editor can improve your content score, which can result in a considerable jump in your pages’ SERP positions.

Accelerate detection of keywords and pages for which impressions or clicks have significantly increased/decreased

This insight keeps you updated on pages and keywords that have experienced major shifts in impressions or clicks over the last 28 days. It also compares this data to the prior 28-day period. It can help you eliminate the time-consuming process of identifying pages and keywords. You no longer need to apply filtering and sorting options. Instead, you only need to connect your SE Ranking project with Google Search Console. We'll collect and interpret all the essential data for you.

Cut down on time spent finding new competitor pages and keywords that began ranking on SERPs

This insight helps with identifying a list of new search queries and web pages that have ranked on SERPs for all tracked competitors within the last 30 days. Examine these URLs and keywords further to identify content gaps, discover new keyword opportunities, stay informed about emerging trends in your niche, and gain valuable insights into your competitors' content strategies.

Scalable pricing options adapted to your business needs
CORE

From

$103.20
/mo
Start free trial
Repeatable SEO + GEO delivery
Rank tracking across engines
Unlimited keyword & comp. research
Data Studio / Matomo / GA / GSC
GROWTH

From

$223.20
/mo
Start free trial
Multi-client SEO + GEO workflows
All Core features included
Project lifetime historical data
API access with 300k credits
Need more? Upgrade with add-ons!
AGENCY PACK

From

$69.00
/mo
AI SEARCH

From

$71.20
/mo
API

From

$149.00
/mo
Explore pricing plans
Get all your questions answered by going live with our team

Schedule your personalized meeting with our experienced success managers

Request a demo
Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Stand with Ukraine
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved