All courses
SEO Reporting and Data Visualization
THE COURSE IS HOSTED BY
Lazarina Stoy

Transform your SEO reporting: learn to create actionable dashboards using Looker Studio, SE Ranking's connectors, and API.

Start course
 
Click for sound
 

SKILL LEVEL

For everyone

VIDEO LESSONS

80 minutes

PRACTICE

3 Looker Studio templates

CERTIFICATE

Free on completion

Created for ambitious SEO professionals and agency managers like you
Who can benefit from this course?
1

Agency managers responsible for overseeing multiple clients and campaigns.

2

SEO professionals seeking to enhance their reporting and data visualization skills.

3

Digital marketing professionals focusing on SEO and digital marketing reporting.

How can this course help you with SEO data reporting?

Learn to blend data from various sources for a comprehensive performance overview.

Gain proficiency in using SE Ranking connectors and API within Looker Studio.

Craft custom, visually compelling dashboards that resonate with your clients.

Improve your data storytelling skills to make your reports more engaging, insightful and actionable.

The training includes:

Masterclass lectures

An 80-minute expert-led course offering seven lessons on SEO reporting and data visualization, featuring step-by-step guidance on using Looker Studio, SE Ranking connectors, and API.

Certificate

Free certificate for everyone who completed the entire course.

Start course

Course Structure

7 lessons 80 minutes

SEO Reporting & Data Visualization: Quick Course Overview

Essential Metrics for Agency Reporting Dashboards

Introducing SE Ranking Looker Studio Connectors

Data Blending Opportunities for Agency Looker Studio Dashboards

Effective Data Storytelling

Reporting on Results

SE Ranking API to Looker Studio Integrations

Course lecturer

Lazarina Stoy

Independent Marketing, SEO and ML Consultant and Trainer

Founder of MLforSEO: An online training platform focused on machine learning and automation for organic marketing professionals

Founder of Women in Marketing – Bulgaria

International Conference Speaker

Featured on Crawling Mondays, Rankable, Majestic's SEOin202X series, and many other podcasts

How do I get started?

If you are already subscribed to the SE Ranking SEO platform, you can start the course right away! Your access to the Academy lasts for the duration of your subscription. If you’re new to SE Ranking, you must sign up first to get started.

Start course
Who we are

SE Ranking is a robust SEO toolkit that combines unique datasets with advanced features to help SEO pros build and execute effective strategies. Trusted by 1,000,000 users worldwide, the platform offers flexible subscription plans with generous data limits to support client growth.

We designed our academy SEO courses, blog, online events and YouTube tutorials to assist the SE Ranking community at every step of their journey. We equip our users with all the guidance they need to succeed in the SEO industry.

SE Ranking is ideal for small to mid-sized agencies and in-house teams looking for a robust SEO toolkit with extensive collaboration features. To meet your clients' needs, most SE Ranking subscription plans offer extra user seats for team members and unlimited projects.

1.5M+
REGISTERED EXPERTS
9.8
PLATFORM USER RATING
40K+
COMPANIES USE SE RANKING
4.8 / 5
OUR AVERAGE REVIEWS RATING
Need further guidance?

For any questions, please contact us at academy@seranking.com.
We are always happy to assist you with any inquiries, problem solving, and offer suggestions to enhance your experience with SE Ranking Academy.

Share this course

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved