Free June 9 event: How to win brand visibility when AI decides what gets seen →
Solutions
Tools
Resources
Pricing
EN
Sign in
Talk to an expert
Start free trial
Domain Analysis API

Get full domain insights. Explore organic and paid keyword stats, traffic estimates, and more.

API access is included in every SE Ranking plan

Talk to an expert
Explore documentation
Domain-specific data that instantly reveals the big picture
Get full data on any domain’s organic and paid performance

SE Ranking’s Domain Analysis API provides deep domain-level data to benchmark competitors, spot keyword gaps, analyze LLM presence, track trends, and plan smarter campaigns.
Here's what you get:

LLM presence data:

 Get prompts in AIOs, AI Mode, Gemini, Perplexity, and ChatGPT, including the full LLM answer.

Global + regional breakdowns: 

 Zoom in or out by region or worldwide

Organic + paid keyword data: 

 Get complete keyword portfolios with positions, volume, CPC, etc, plus paid ad placements across regions

Traffic & cost estimates: 

 Quantify visibility and budget impact

Competitor analysis: 

 Identify top rivals with keyword gap analysis

Ad intelligence: 

 See real ad copy, landing pages, and performance metrics

Historical trends: 

 Track visibility, traffic, and ranking shifts over time

And more: 

 Ad copy, landing pages, CPC data, and position distributions

Sort, slice, and filter data your way

Slice and dice raw domain data however you need. Get flexible filtering and sorting for quick answers.

Various keyword filters: 

 Filter keywords by search volume, traffic, difficulty, CPC, word count, and search intent.

Position-based filtering: 

 Focus on top 10 rankings or compare (up/down/new/lost) ranking changes to to the previous period

Advanced search logic: 

 Use “contains,” “begins,” “ends,”, or “exact” match patterns

Flexible sorting & output: 

 Order by any metric, return only the columns you need

Domain comparisons: 

 Reveal keyword overlap and traffic gaps between any two domains

Scalable & reliable data for every project

Handles everything from quick domain checks to deep data dives:

High-volume data retrieval: 

 Request up to 1,000 keywords per call with pagination

Integration-ready format: 

 Clean JSON output built for easy ETL pipelines and dashboard integration

Deep historical insights: 

 Access archived performance data from any month since February 2020, across 188+ regional databases

Flexible geographic scope: 

 Choose between worldwide aggregates or regional breakdowns with Alpha-2 country codes

Massive database coverage behind every insight
2.2B
Domain profiles
5.4B
Keyword database
188
Country database
Let us walk you through our Domain Analysis API
Talk to an expert
Put domain intelligence to work
See who’s winning in search

Figure out how you stack up against your rivals. See which keywords and prompts you both rank for, identify where they outrank you, and get a full breakdown of their organic, paid, and AI-driven traffic strategy.

Track paid vs organic performance

Keep your finger on the pulse of domain shifts, both in organic results and paid ads. Catch seasonal swings, spot fresh campaign impacts, and track competitive movements and evolving keyword strategies.

Access regional SERP analytics

Need market-specific insights? Pull data from over 188 regional databases to compare results worldwide or zoom in on specific countries—with or without subdomains included.

Hear from people who use our Domain Analysis API
Connor Wilkins
CMO
Company Name
Direction.com
Business Type
SEO agency

We use SE Ranking to build winning SEO strategies for our clients. Their suite of tools allows for robust market research, competitive analysis, and website audits—all of which serve to inform our SEO campaign roadmaps.

Read more
Ross Crawford
Managing Director
Company Name
Mr Digital
Business Type
Digital marketing agency

We use SE Ranking to overcome many SEO-related challenges, from researching keywords to conducting granular analyses of various client-related issues that ultimately help us save a significant amount of time and streamline processes.

Read more
Jairo David Guerrero Vásquez
Founder
Company Name
Phanum
Business Type
SEO agency

Because SEO is time-consuming, SE Ranking’s tools are a great help here. We use it for detailed audits, keyword research, performance monitoring, and reporting. But apart from the actual SEO workflow we do for clients, we also use SE Ranking for our sales process. It helps us build trust with current and potential customers as we can give them a comprehensive overview of the current situation and advise on the next steps.

Read more
1
/
3
Get more done with SE Ranking’s powerful and innovative SEO toolset
Talk to an expert
Flexible, usage-based pricing

Start a free trial with 100K credits. Then only pay for what you use

SE RANKING API

From

$50.00
/250K credits
Pay-as-you-go plan
Talk to an expert
For SEOs who need API access to SEO data—without the tools
Backlinks API
Domain Research API
Keyword Research API
Website Audit API
AI Search API
Project Management API
Calculate your API cost
FAQ
Q
What does the Domain Analysis API give me access to?
A

You get complete, in-depth SEO and PPC data for any domain. This includes:

Keyword metrics: Search volume, search intent, CPC, keyword difficulty, rankings, traffic estimates, etc.
Performance data: Traffic value and percentage share, position distributions (top 1-5, 6-10, 11-20, etc.), keyword counts (total, new, lost, up/down changes)
Competitive intelligence: Organic and paid competitors, keyword overlap, and common keywords analysis
Ad intelligence: Actual ad copy, landing pages, spend estimates, and ad positions
Geographic insights: 188 regional databases with country-specific breakdowns
Historical trends: Performance tracking over time with monthly snapshots
And more
Q
Can I filter by country, keyword type, or CPC?
A

Yes, you can filter by all those and more. Use our Domain Data API to target specific countries with Alpha-2 country codes across 188 regional databases. Filter keywords by characteristics like word count, search intent, and length, and set CPC ranges, competition levels, search volume, and ranking positions. Use advanced text search with “contains,” “begins,”, “ends,” or “exact” match logic.

Q
Does the Domain Analysis API support competitor comparisons?
A

Yes, it does. Compare any two domains side-by-side using domain comparison endpoints to see which keywords you both target, find ranking gaps, compare traffic differences and Keyword Effectiveness Indices, and more. Get detailed metrics for both domains, including positions, traffic estimates, cost values, and ranking URLs.

Q
Can I track changes in search traffic and keyword positions over time?
A

Yes, here’s how. Track historical changes using the history endpoint by entering the domain and the dates. Then, use the pos_change filter within the domain keywords endpoint to see which keyword rankings moved up, down, are new, or dropped since the last data collection. Plus, set filter[traffic][from] and filter[traffic][to] to prioritize keywords that drive specific traffic volumes.

Q
Can I extract ad creatives or PPC data?
A

Yes, you can extract comprehensive PPC data including actual ad copy, title texts, displayed URLs, ad landing pages, and ad positions. The Domain Data API provides cost estimates, competition scores, CPC data, shows precise SERP positions where ads appear (like position 1, 2, etc.), and more. Plus, set type="adv" to filter out everything but paid search to focus purely on ad performance data.

Q
Is historical keyword trend data included?
A

Yes, access historical keyword trends using the history trends endpoint. Get monthly snapshots of keyword performance to track changes in keyword counts, rankings, and traffic over date ranges.

Q
What are the rate limits for your Domain Analysis API?
A

You can make up to 10 calls per second per API key by default. To get higher limits, contact SE Ranking. We can discuss a request-rate ceiling increase.

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Stand with Ukraine
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved