All courses
Getting Started with SE Ranking: Agency Tools & Features

Fast-track through all of SE Ranking’s powerful tools and features to streamline your digital agency workflow, boost effectiveness, and align your strategic goals.

Start course

SKILL LEVEL

Beginner

VIDEO LESSONS

30 minutes

PRACTICE

10 test questions

CERTIFICATE

Free on completion

For agency pros and SEO teams looking to get more out of SE Ranking
Who will find this course useful?
1

Digital marketing agencies

2

SEO teams

3

Account managers

How can this course help you?

Discover quick and easy ways to set up SE Ranking for your agency, from basic features to advanced functionalities.

Learn how to simplify your SEO and marketing efforts to make your agency’s strategy more impactful from the get-go.

Streamline your analysis and reporting to make tracking progress a breeze, and keep everyone, from clients to teammates, in the know.

Learn how to optimize your workflow, from analyzing SEO data to sharing real-time data with everyone involved.

Smooth out the kinks in managing clients, generating hot leads, and getting new team members up to speed.

The training includes

Theory

10 short lessons giving you a quick virtual tour of the platform’s agency-specific tools and features. All videos are under 5 minutes and easy to follow.

Practice

Test your knowledge to see if you understand the main points. Practice what you’ve learned right away.

Certificate

Complete the course and get at least 80% of the test questions right to get the SE Ranking Academy certificate.

Start course

Course Structure

10 lessons 10 test questions

Elevating Agency SEO Services with the Agency Pack Add-on

Automating Client Reporting with the Report Builder

Advanced SEO Reporting with SE Ranking's Looker Studio Connector (w/ Pre-Built Templates)

Enhancing Client Relationships with Client Management Features

Maximizing Team Efficiency with Team Management Features

Enhancing Agency Brand with the White Label Feature

Driving New Leads to Your Business with the Lead Generator Tool

Streamlining SEO Success with the Marketing Plan

Increasing Your Agency's Visibility with SE Ranking's Agency Catalog

Leveraging SE Ranking Data via API to Suit Specific Business Needs

How do I get started?

If you have already subscribed to the SE Ranking platform, you can start the course right away! Access to the Academy lasts for the duration of your subscription. If you are new to SE Ranking and want to get started, please sign up first.

Start course
Who we are

SE Ranking is a robust SEO toolkit that combines unique datasets with advanced features to help SEO pros build and execute effective strategies. Trusted by 1,000,000 users worldwide, the platform offers flexible subscription plans with generous data limits to support client growth.

We designed our academy SEO courses, blog, online events and YouTube tutorials to assist the SE Ranking community at every step of their journey. We equip our users with all the guidance they need to succeed in the SEO industry.

SE Ranking is best suited for small to mid-sized agencies and in-house teams seeking a robust SEO toolkit with extensive collaboration features. Most SE Ranking subscription plans offer extra user seats for team members unlimited projects to meet your clients’ needs.

1.5M+
REGISTERED EXPERTS
9.8
PLATFORM USER RATING
40K+
COMPANIES USE SE RANKING
4.8 / 5
OUR AVERAGE REVIEWS RATING
Need further guidance?

For any questions, please contact us at academy@seranking.com. We are always happy to help with any questions or concerns. We are also committed to improving your experience with SE Ranking Academy by providing insights and suggestions.

Share this course

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved