All courses
How to Promote Your Agency
THE COURSE IS HOSTED BY
Myriam Jessier

Discover how to stand out in a saturated agency market. Powered by tried-and-true strategies and fresh insights from renowned consultants and agencies.

Start course
 
Click for sound
 

SKILL LEVEL

For everyone

VIDEO LESSONS

70 minutes

CERTIFICATE

Free on completion

KEY TOPICS

Agency branding, client acquisition

Created for ambitious agency owners and consultants like you
Who can benefit from this course?
1

Small to mid-sized agency owners

2

Freelance SEO and marketing consultants

How can this course help you put your agency front and center?

Create a unique and captivating brand story that resonates with your target audience.

Develop a flywheel growth model where each element feeds into the next.

Rethink your offering to supercharge your agency's appeal to top-tier clients.

Embrace the power of quality deliverables that showcase your agency's competence.

The training includes:

Masterclass lectures

70 minutes of lectures packed with practical advice and tactics that you can use to level up your agency. 4 blocks cover different aspects of agency promotion.

Certificate

Free certificate for everyone who completed the entire course.

Start course

Course Structure

4 lessons 70 minutes

Branding and Storytelling: Crafting Your Agency’s Unique Identity

Getting Better Clients: Positioning, Niching, and Pricing Strategies

Agency Promotion: Personal Branding, Networking & Beyond

Better Deliverables: Closing the Gap Between Actual Value and Client Perception

Course lecturer

Myriam Jessier

Co-founder of PRAGM boutique marketing agency

Seasoned marketing and SEO trainer

Digital marketing consultant who specializes in product management, product marketing, SEO strategies and digital analytics implementation

Keynote conference speaker

Featured in The SEO Rant, Old Guard Versus New Blood, and Rankable podcasts

How do I get started?

If you are already subscribed to the SE Ranking SEO platform, you can start the course right away! Your access to the Academy lasts for the duration of your subscription. If you’re new to SE Ranking, you must sign up first to get started.

Start course
Who we are

SE Ranking is a robust SEO toolkit that combines unique datasets with advanced features to help SEO pros build and execute effective strategies. Trusted by 1,000,000 users worldwide, the platform offers flexible subscription plans with generous data limits to support client growth.

We designed our academy SEO courses, blog, online events and YouTube tutorials to assist the SE Ranking community at every step of their journey. We equip our users with all the guidance they need to succeed in the SEO industry.

SE Ranking is ideal for small to mid-sized agencies and in-house teams looking for a robust SEO toolkit with extensive collaboration features. To meet your clients' needs, most SE Ranking subscription plans offer extra user seats for team members and unlimited projects.

1.5M+
REGISTERED EXPERTS
9.8
PLATFORM USER RATING
40K+
COMPANIES USE SE RANKING
4.8 / 5
OUR AVERAGE REVIEWS RATING
Need further guidance?

For any questions, please contact us at academy@seranking.com.
We are always happy to assist you with any inquiries, problem solving, and offer suggestions to enhance your experience with SE Ranking Academy.

Share this course

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved