Free June 9 event: How to win brand visibility when AI decides what gets seen →
Solutions
Tools
Resources
Pricing
EN
Sign in
Request a demo
Start free trial
Keyword Tool

A data-driven keyword research tool that helps you assess keyword potential and uncover thousands of ideas to fuel your SEO and PPC campaigns.

United States
Analyze
Unique database that delivers keyword suggestions for any market
3.2B
EUROPE
1.2B
NORTH AMERICA
542M
ASIA
Do keyword research like a pro with essential data at your fingertips
Keyword Overview
SERP Overview
Related keywords
Local keywords
More keyword ideas
See the full story behind any keyword

Get a complete overview of your target keyword with our Keyword Tool, including all essential metrics, and in your chosen location and timeframe. Start your keyword research smart with data you can rely on.

Test drive our Keyword Generator to explore its full potential

Try it free for 14 days to see how it can streamline your SEO workflow!

Start free trial
See product tour

No credit card required

Get key SEO metrics for data-driven keyword research
1
Search volume

Find out how many monthly organic searches the selected keyword gets on Google. Evaluate last year’s changes by reviewing the keyword’s volume dynamics.

Keyword difficulty
CPC
Search Intent
Local keyword data
1
2
3
4
5
Start free trial
Support your strategy with in-depth competitor keyword analysis

Discover what’s been working for your competitors and use those insights to refine your keyword strategy

Competitor Keyword Research
Organic SERP History
Ads History
Find your competitors’ target keywords

Analyze the keywords driving traffic to your competitors' sites. View complete keyword lists with essential metrics, including search volume, difficulty, search intent, and current rankings. Identify gaps in your strategy, discover opportunities, and prioritize keywords that deliver results in your niche.

Scale keyword research with SE Ranking’s API

Quickly analyze large volumes of keyword data with SE Ranking’s Keyword Research API. Automate your workflow, integrate SEO data into your internal systems, and access reliable insights at scale.

Search volume

CPC

Competition

Keyword difficulty

Search volume history

Learn more about API
Find keywords that are worth the effort

Uncover keyword potential with reliable metrics, competitor data, and historical trends!

Start free trial
See product tour

No credit card required

FAQ
Q
Keyword Suggestion Tool vs. Google Keyword Planner
A

SE Ranking’s Keyword tool is built with all your SEO needs in mind, though some of its functionalities overlap with Google’s Keyword Planner, which only gives you search volume trend and competition data. Our SEO Keyword Tool goes beyond by:

Providing more SEO metrics and stats for each search term.
Categorizing keyword suggestions.
Showing the keyword’s organic and paid search results.
And more.

This all comes with a user-friendly interface packed with sorting and filtering options.

Feature
Keyword Suggestion Tool
Google Keyword Planner
Ungrouped search volume
Keywords in plural, superlatives, possessives, etc. are separate entities with exact search volumes, not a search volume range
Global search volume
A keyword search volume across different countries
Search trend
Monthly changes in search volume
Keyword competition and CPC
How competitive and costly a keyword is for paid campaigns
Keyword difficulty for organic search
How difficult it will be to get pages targeting this keyword to the top 10 organic search results
Categorized keyword recommendations
Suggested keywords are divided into similar, related, question-based, low-search-volume categories
Organic SERP results with all the essential metrics
SEO metrics on websites targeting the analyzed keyword in organic search
Organic historical data
Monthly organic SERP changes for a query
Ads history
Paid campaign data for websites that target the same query in their ads
Search intent
What users want when they search typing this query
Q
What is the Keyword Suggestion Tool?
A

SE Ranking’s Keyword Suggestion Tool helps you find the right keywords for your SEO and PPC campaigns. It analyzes search data and delivers key metrics to eliminate guesswork.

Here’s what you can achieve if your goal is SEO:

Find new keywords capable of bringing organic traffic to your site

Evaluate SEO metrics, including search volume, difficulty, search trends, and search intent.

View the organic SERP for any keyword and how it has changed over time.

Discover the SERP features appearing for each search query.

Here’s what you can achieve if your goal is PPC:

Detect keywords capable of boosting your paid campaign.

Assess the keyword’s CPC and competition level.

See which websites run PPC campaigns for the same keywords you’re targeting.

View the top ads for each keyword.

Our keyword generator collects the best-suited terms to each campaign and provides all the data needed to make informed decisions.

Q
How does SE Ranking’s Keyword Generator work?
A

SE Ranking’s Keyword Generator gears you up for effective planning around organic and paid search campaigns.

To get started, enter a topically relevant word or phrase. It could be your seed keyword or a list of related search queries. After that, choose the location. This will prompt the Keyword Finder to generate a list of similar and related keywords, questions related to the search term, and low-search-volume (long-tail) keywords.

It supports each suggested keyword with metrics like search volume, difficulty, search intent, search trends, and more. You also get the keyword’s current organic search results, SERP features, and historical data.

Use the tool’s filter and sorting options to refine your keyword list with the most relevant terms. After identifying the best-fit terms, you can incorporate them into other tools that you’re using from the SE Ranking platform. The Content Editor and Rank Tracker are especially ideal for creating optimized content and monitoring your site’s rankings around your keyword list

Q
Why use SE Ranking’s Keyword Tool for keyword research?
A

Here are the top reasons for using SE Ranking’s Keyword Tool for keyword research:

Extensive database covering billions of keywords across 188 countries. You can even import and analyze your own lists.

Comprehensive metrics, including keyword difficulty, search volume, CPC, paid competition, global volume, search intent, number of organic results, and SERP features.

Accurate data powered by continually refined algorithms that improve search volume and traffic estimates.

Thousands of keyword suggestions, all categorized into similar, related, low search volume, and question-based groups.

Various keyword filters to narrow your results by inclusion/exclusion criteria, search volume, word count, difficulty, search intent, and competition, and more.

Keyword management features to organize and save search queries into custom lists by region, with seamless integration into tools like Keyword Grouper, Competitor Research, Content Editor, and Rank Tracker.

SERP insights and historical data to track how keyword rankings and competitors evolve over time.

API and bulk analysis to process hundreds of keywords at once and sync results directly to your system.

Free trial. Get full access to our free Keyword Research Tool for 14 days, plus three free checks for users without accounts, so you can experience the tool’s full capabilities for yourself.

Q
How to do keyword research for SEO
A

Start by creating a list of seed keywords (words or phrases that unlock more keywords during research). Use SE Ranking’s Keyword Generator to collect the maximum number of relevant search queries for each seed keyword. Get other popular keywords related to your business. Just enter a keyword to get a list of suggestions with key metrics.

If you already have a keyword list, you can find the most promising ones by opting for a bulk keyword search. This will uncover see each keyword’s search volume and difficulty. Review the suggestion list to remove irrelevant queries.

Focus on SEO metrics to find the terms most worth using in your content. Pay special attention to long-tail keywords (queries with 3+ words and highly specific search intents). You can find these in the list of low-search-volume suggestions, by using the word count filter directly on the SE Ranking platform, or by using our Long Tail Keyword Tool.

Now you can organize the most relevant keywords into categories or topics for upcoming article.

Q
How to do competitor keyword research?
A

The quickest way to research competitor keywords is through SE Ranking’s SERP Overview tab. Once you entered your target keyword into the Keyword Tool, go to the SERP Overview to see which pages rank for that keyword. Click on the total number of keywords displayed next to any ranking page. This launches a competing domain analysis, giving you instant access to the complete list of keywords that competitor uses in their organic campaigns. You’ll see all the essential metrics for each keyword, including search volume, keyword difficulty, search intent, current position, SERP features, and more.

Use this data to identify keyword gaps in your strategy, discover new opportunities your competitors are targeting, and prioritize terms that can help you outrank them. You can also filter and sort the keyword list to focus on specific metrics that matter most to your SEO goals.

Q
Can I use your SEO Keyword Generator for free?
A

Yes, our Free Keyword Tool lets you run 3 reports per day, showing the top 10 ranking pages for your keyword. You’ll also get a limited selection of keyword suggestions in each report.

Sign up for our 14-day free trial to fully utilize use the Keyword Generator.

Enjoy flexible pricing on SE Ranking’s Keyword Research tool

Choose your ideal pricing plan, request a custom quote, or try the tool free for 14 days.

CORE

From

$103.20
/mo
Start free trial
Repeatable SEO + GEO delivery
Rank tracking across engines
Unlimited keyword & comp. research
Data Studio / Matomo / GA / GSC
GROWTH

From

$223.20
/mo
Start free trial
Multi-client SEO + GEO workflows
All Core features included
Project lifetime historical data
API access with 300k credits
Need more? Upgrade with add-ons!
AGENCY PACK

From

$69.00
/mo
AI SEARCH

From

$71.20
/mo
API

From

$149.00
/mo
See pricing page
Get better at keyword research with expert tips and go-to guides
Keywords & Content
Keyword Research: What It Is and How to Do It Effectively
Read article
Keywords & Content
6 Advanced Keyword Research Strategies for Content Marketing Success
Read article
Best Marketing Tools
The Best Keyword Research Tools for Gaining Actionable SEO Insights
Read article
SEO Strategy
How to analyze historical website traffic, keyword trends & ranking shifts with SE Ranking
Read article
Keywords & Content
Keyword Clustering: The Ultimate Guide to SEO Success
Read article
Keywords & Content
How to find competitors’ keywords for your SEO strategy
Read article
Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Stand with Ukraine
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved