All courses
SEO Basics
THE COURSE IS HOSTED BY
Jason Barnard

Your smooth introduction to the world of SEO, designed to teach you every essential aspect of site optimization. Make any site SEO-friendly and see how your efforts boost website traffic.

Start course
 
 

SKILL LEVEL

Beginner

VIDEO LESSONS

6+ hours

PRACTICE

278 test questions

CERTIFICATE

Free on completion

For everyone aspiring to master the essentials of SEO
Who will benefit from this course?
1

Digital Marketers & SEO Enthusiasts

2

Content Creators & Bloggers

3

Website Developers & Managers

4

Entrepreneurs & Business Owners

How can this SEO Basics course enhance your skills?

Gain a comprehensive view of SEO, from understanding how search engines work to building strategies that will help your website rank well.

Master keyword research and learn how to create content around selected keywords.

Navigate website setup, including the choice of domain names, web hosting providers, and content management systems, then learn to develop an effective site structure.

Dive deep into technical SEO and learn how to manage a website’s indexing, loading speed, and Core Web Vitals score.

Get the hang of on-page SEO techniques and ensure every page element is well-optimized to maximize your chances of ranking high.

Discover the power of link building and learn the intricacies of SEO analytics getting familiar with tools like Google Search Console and Google Analytics.

Gain practical insights into why some SEO strategies outperform others and learn to apply best practices effectively.

The training includes

Theory

6+ hours of lectures with plenty of hands-on examples. Video lessons range from 5 to 15 minutes and are easy to follow.

Practice

Test your knowledge, ensuring that you’ve grasped the main points. Apply what you’ve learned right away.

Certificate

Complete the course and get at least 80% of the test questions right. Then, pass the final test to get the SE Ranking Academy certificate.

Start course

SEO Basics Course Structure

41 lessons 278 test questions

Expand all sections

Introduction to SEO

Keyword Research

Content Creation

Website Setup

Technical SEO

On-Page SEO

Link Building

SEO Analytics

SEO Basics Course lecturer

Jason Barnard

Digital marketing consultant who specializes in Brand SERPs and knowledge panels

Founder and CEO at Kalicube—a groundbreaking digital marketinag agency

Regular contributor to leading digital marketing publications such as Search Engine Journal and Search Engine Land

Speaker at worldwide marketing conferences

Podcast host

How do I get started?

Anyone who currently has a subscription to the SE Ranking SEO platform can start the course right away! You will have access to the Academy for the entire period of your subscription. If you are not yet familiar with the SE Ranking platform, you must first sign up.

Start course
Who we are

SE Ranking is a robust SEO toolkit that combines unique datasets with advanced features to help SEO pros build and execute effective strategies. Trusted by 1,000,000 users worldwide, the platform offers flexible subscription plans with generous data limits to support client growth.

We designed our academy SEO courses, blog, online events and YouTube tutorials to assist the SE Ranking community at every step of their journey. We equip our users with all the guidance they need to succeed in the SEO industry.

SE Ranking is best suited for small to mid-sized agencies and in-house teams seeking a robust SEO toolkit with extensive collaboration features. Most SE Ranking subscription plans offer extra user seats for team members unlimited projects to meet your clients’ needs.

1.5M+
REGISTERED EXPERTS
9.8
PLATFORM USER RATING
40K+
COMPANIES USE SE RANKING
4.8 / 5
OUR AVERAGE REVIEWS RATING
Any questions left?

For any questions, please contact us at academy@seranking.com.
We are always happy to assist you in resolving any problems and offering suggestions to maximize your experience with SE Ranking Academy.

Share this course

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved