All courses
Content SEO
THE COURSE IS HOSTED BY
Joe Wills

Learn how to create content that will drive visitors to your site and make them stick around with this free SEO content marketing course.

Start course
 
Click for sound
 

SKILL LEVEL

Beginner

VIDEO LESSONS

2+ hours

PRACTICE

90 test questions

CERTIFICATE

Free on completion

For anyone who needs high-performing content
Who will find this course useful?
1

SEO & marketing managers

2

Website owners & bloggers

3

Copywriters & content strategists

How can this course help you?

Get a bird’s-eye view of the content creation cycle.

Discover which SEO best practices to apply when working with content at every stage.

Learn which content types work best for users at different stages of the buying cycle.

Discover tips and tricks that can help you get your content pieces to your target readers.

The training includes

Theory

2+ hours of lectures with plenty of hands-on examples. Lessons range from 3 to 10 minutes and are easy to follow.

Practice

Test your knowledge to make sure you’ve grasped the main points. Put your what you’ve learned into practice right away.

Certificate

Complete the course and get at least 80% of the test questions right. Then, pass the final test to get the SE Ranking Academy certificate.

Start course

Content SEO Course Structure

43 lessons 90 test questions

Expand all sections

Intro

Creating Relevant Content

Keyword Research

Keyword Optimization

Content Strategy

Content Insights

Outro

Exploring Generative AI for Content Creation

Content SEO Course lecturer

Joe Wills

An SEO trainer and lecturer with 15+ years of experience

Founder and content creator at Tribe SEO, an online SEO training platform for newbies

Lecturer at the Digital Marketing Institute

Regular contributor to leading digital marketing media such as Search Engine Watch

Featured in the Guardian, Cosmopolitan, and Huffington Post

How do I get started?

Anyone who currently has a subscription to the SE Ranking SEO platform can start the course right away! You will have access to the Academy for the entire period of your subscription. If you are not yet familiar with the SE Ranking platform, you must first sign up.

Start course
Who we are

SE Ranking is a robust SEO toolkit that combines unique datasets with advanced features to help SEO pros build and execute effective strategies. Trusted by 1,000,000 users worldwide, the platform offers flexible subscription plans with generous data limits to support client growth.

We designed our academy SEO courses, blog, online events and YouTube tutorials to assist the SE Ranking community at every step of their journey. We equip our users with all the guidance they need to succeed in the SEO industry.

SE Ranking is best suited for small to mid-sized agencies and in-house teams seeking a robust SEO toolkit with extensive collaboration features. Most SE Ranking subscription plans offer extra user seats for team members unlimited projects to meet your clients’ needs.

1.5M+
REGISTERED EXPERTS
9.8
PLATFORM USER RATING
40K+
COMPANIES USE SE RANKING
4.8 / 5
OUR AVERAGE REVIEWS RATING
Any questions left?

For any questions, please contact us at academy@seranking.com.
We are always happy to assist you in resolving any problems and offering suggestions to maximize your experience with SE Ranking Academy.

Share this course

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved