Free June 9 event: How to win brand visibility when AI decides what gets seen →
Solutions
Tools
Resources
Pricing
EN
Sign in
Request a demo
Start free trial
Backlink Checker

You have 5 free backlink checks remaining today

*.domain.com/*
Domain with subdomains
Analyze

Trusted by 40,000+ agencies

All your link building insights in one powerful Backlink Checker

Perform an in-depth analysis of any backlink profile with this free backlink checker tool. Get fast, accurate results and a comprehensive database.

1
Referring domains

Domains linking to the analyzed domain/URL

Domain and Page Trust scores
Backlinks
Backlink toxicity score
New and lost referring domains
Broken backlinks
Looker Studio report
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
Start free trial
Expand your business with our reliable, up-to-date backlink data

Our enhanced Backlink Checker database opens access to top-quality backlink insights

2.7T
Backlinks indexed
420M
Domains indexed
6B
Pages crawled daily
Freshness

SE Ranking delivers some of the freshest backlink data out there, with 58% of backlinks updated every 90 days. It also identifies new links in a flash.

Relevance

SE Ranking’s rapid updates cut down on irrelevant backlinks, enhancing the quality of your analysis. This also lets the Backlink Analysis tool display the Domain Trust metric with pinpoint precision.

Completeness

SE Ranking’s database is among the largest on the market, with 2.9 trillion backlinks and 411 million referring domains indexed. Our constantly expanding database results in comprehensive reports and easy backlink lookups.

Granularity

SE Ranking’s Backlink Checker delivers actionable insights. Get key metrics like toxicity score, dofollow/nofollow ratio, Domain and Page Trust scores, and more. Evaluating backlink quality has never been easier and more efficient.

Check backlinks right away

This powerful SEO Backlink Checker unlocks any website’s backlinks to help you find backlink opportunities

*.domain.com/*
Domain with subdomains
Analyze
How to use our Backlink Analyzer tool

Leverage the tool's features to improve your backlink profile

Check your website’s backlinks

Enter your domain name to learn more about your backlink profile. While analyzing your backlink list and anchor texts, you can create a list of bad links to disavow or remove. The Backlink Checker tool can also help you find and compare the most linked-to pages to your key pages. This keeps your site authoritative and boosts its chances of ranking high in SERPs.

Check your competitors’ backlinks

Use a competitor backlink checker to find link-building opportunities and discover what’s driving success for your rivals. Perform a backlink analysis to pinpoint the pages they prioritize, the referring domains boosting their sites, the anchor texts they use, and the link types they’re building. Use these insights to build a winning off-page SEO strategy and outpace the competition.

In-depth backlink analysis with SE Ranking
View a complete list of backlinks and referring domains with key metrics

Enter a domain name into our backlink finder tool to get a complete rundown of the links leading to each page. Backlink Checker evaluates each backlink using essential SEO parameters like the target URL, anchor text, domain/page trust, link type (e.g., image, text), and the link’s status.

Start free trial
Analyze the dynamics and parameters of lost and gained backlinks, and referring domains

The Backlink Checker’s Overview dashboard has three dynamic graphs. The first chart shows how many referring domains and backlinks you had on a specific date, week, or month. It also shows the traffic generated and the average Domain & Page Trust. The next two charts take and compare the number of referring domains and backlinks you lost and gained on that particular day/week/month. You can track changes over different time periods, from 7 days to 1 year.

Start free trial
Check backlink toxicity on your site to uncover SEO damage

Use our toxic backlink checker tool’s Toxicity score to find out how harmful a backlink (or the website's overall backlink profile) is. Analyze each backlink and domain by toxicity level, identify links that should be avoided, and take the steps needed to remove them.

Start free trial
Explore the top pages ranked by backlinks to identify a website’s strongest URLs

The Pages Report in SE Ranking's Backlink Checker offers in-depth SEO data that compares pages with the most backlinks to pages that need more work. This data has extraordinary value because you can use it to find out which content attracts backlinks the most in your niche. It can also hint as to why some pages aren’t getting the results you’re looking for.

Start free trial
More must-have backlink tools from SE Ranking
Backlink Tracking

Keep track of all pages linking to your site, get notified if they go missing, check their indexing status, and more.

Backlink Tracker
Backlink Gap Analyzer

Check your site’s backlink profile and compare it with up to five competitors. Uncover new SEO opportunities with our unbeatable gap analysis feature.

Backlink Gap Tool
Broken Link Checker

Find your site’s broken backlinks (or your competitors'), then fix or use them to unlock new link-building opportunities.

Broken Link Checker
Domain Authority Checker

Assess any website's potential for high SERP rankings by examining its domain authority score and over 15 other essential metrics.

Domain Authority Checker
Analyze backlinks at scale with our Backlink Checker API

Run the backlink API code to boost your bulk backlink analysis speed and efficiency. Get key metrics and endpoints for thousands of domains in a flash

Referral domains and backlinks

Page and Domain Trust scores

Target URLs

HTTP status codes

Dofollow and nofollow links

Anchor texts

IPs, Countries and TLDs

Discover SE Ranking's API
FAQ
Q
What is the Backlink Checker?
A

The Backlink Checker is a tool that evaluates a website’s link profile. It’s used to identify valuable link acquisition opportunities and refine off-page strategies. It provides a complete list of backlinks and referring domains and can evaluate their quantity, quality, and relevance. It even offers insights into dozens of backlink-related parameters.

Q
What information can I find with the Backlink Checker?
A

SE Ranking’s Backlink Checker offers insights into:

The total number (and a detailed list) of backlinks and referring domains.

The Domain Trust score to evaluate website authority.

The Toxicity score to show the percentage of low-quality links.

A list of anchor texts and pages with the most backlinks.

A graph showing new/lost backlinks and their referring domains.

Q
Can I use your SEO Backlink Checker for free?
A

The Backlink Checker is available for free for 14 days during your trial period. If you find it useful and want to keep using it, subscribe to any of our plans—it’s included in all of them. Or, you can view key data right here on this page by typing the domain name into the box at the top and hitting Analyze. Note that you will only get a snapshot of backlink information with this option.

Q
Can I perform bulk backlink checking?
A

Our Backlink Checker API simplifies this process by letting you extract key backlink profile data. This includes the number of backlinks and referring domains, the Domain Trust score, and other essential metrics to get a comprehensive backlink report. Note that the API is available exclusively with a Growth subscription.

Q
Why do backlinks matter?
A

Getting unique, trustworthy backlinks is vital to increasing website authority and improving rankings. Backlinks are considered “votes of confidence” because they increase exposure and signal higher credibility and trustworthiness to Google.

If search engines could talk, they would say that pages with more links from quality websites have higher value. These pages get higher-ranking positions on SERPs and drive more organic traffic. Use this insight when referring to our SEO Backlink Checker tool and analyzing your (or your competitors’) links.

Professionals worldwide trust our Backlink Checker
1
/
5

“SE Ranking is one of my favorite all-in-one SEO tools: powerful and easy to use — the perfect support for my day-to-day SEO activities.”

Aleyda Solis
International SEO Consultant & Founder at Orainti

“SE Ranking is a valuable part of our toolset – we love their continuous product development!”

Alex Wright
Agency Director at Clicky

“We’ve used other tools in the past, but SE Ranking offers more up-to-date data and information, which benefits our agency and clients.”

John Sammon
Grizzled Internet Marketing Vet & CEO at Sixth City Marketing

“SE Ranking is the best seo platform our company has used so far. The interface of the platform is great & user-friendly.”

Giannis Koutsopoulos
CEO - Co Founder at AboutHotelier

“SE Ranking is not only unique among the SEO platforms but is positioned to be a tool that can replace several in your SEO toolbox. It has in mine.”

Erin Sparks
Founder of Site Strategics

4.8

4.9

4.7

4.0

Sounds great! I’m ready to start my backlink analysis!
Start free trial
See product tour

No credit card required

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Stand with Ukraine
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved