Free June 9 event: How to win brand visibility when AI decides what gets seen →
Solutions
Tools
Resources
Pricing
EN
Sign in
Request a demo
Start free trial
On-Page SEO Checker

Find out why your pages aren’t ranking high and fix them with our AI-powered on-page SEO checker tool

Start free trial
See product tour

No credit card required

What is SE Ranking’s On-Page SEO Checker?

The On-Page SEO checker provides a list of actions you can take directly on a page to improve its rankings. It reviews the page’s elements and metrics to assess whether the content is relevant to users and provides a positive user experience.
Take advantage of the opportunity to improve your on-page SEO and gain complete control over your pages.

Get an instant SEO page analysis report

Learn how well your page is optimized for search engines and people

United States

Run Page SEO Audit
What’s inside the On-Page Checker
On-Page Audit

On-page tool groups issues based on their importance and urgency into four lists: errors, warnings, notices, and those that don’t require action.

Issue report categories show the current and recommended values for every metric based on page SEO factors related to metadata, text content, user experience, etc.

Fix recommendations and metric comparisons provide you with actionable insights on how your landing pages can be improved to outrank the competition.

Get a data-driven roadmap for page optimization with our AI-powered tool
Start trial
See product tour
Prioritize on-page SEO issues

Create your own custom on-page tasks for every target URL

Manage your SEO page analysis and optimization workflow and sort action items by:

Priority (high, medium, low) depending on how each task can improve the overall quality score

Categories that influence rankings such as Text content, User experience, Media, etc.

Status (to do, done, ignore) that shows how your improvements are being implemented

Dozens of on-page SEO factors tested

Use our on-page grader to review you page’s overall optimization status, get a full breakdown of each ranking factor, and identify what to fix.

Content analysis
Key on-page SEO elements
Link analysis
General metrics
Page experience
Indexing
Image analysis
Key on-page SEO elements
Besides the content itself, the most essential on-page elements that must be optimized on every web page are title tags, meta description, header tags, internal links, URL structure, and keywords. Understanding their importance for both users and search engines and implementing them correctly on your landing pages will help you create better and clearer content.
Get started with our On-Page SEO Checker

Enter a URL

Choose a search engine and location

Decide how many search results to analyze

Add 1 primary and up to 30 secondary keywords

Proudly chosen by businesses worldwide
1.5M+
REGISTERED EXPERTS
9.8
PLATFORM USER RATING
40K+
COMPANIES USE SE RANKING
4.8 / 5
OUR AVERAGE REVIEWS RATING

4.2

4.8

4.7

4.7

Why do businesses from 150+ countries choose us? Read testimonials
Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Stand with Ukraine
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved