All courses
Getting Started with SE Ranking

Learn how to use our tools and features, from setup to advanced options, in this quick-start SE Ranking tutorial. Start elevating your SEO and digital marketing strategies from day one.

Start course
 
 
 
0:56
 

SKILL LEVEL

Beginner

VIDEO LESSONS

116 minutes

PRACTICE

22 test questions

CERTIFICATE

Free on completion

For anyone looking to tap into SE Ranking’s full potential
Who will find this course useful?
1

Digital marketing agencies

2

Small and medium-sized businesses

3

Entrepreneurs and website owners

How can this course help you?

Get quick overviews for each of SE Ranking’s tools and features to find out which tasks can be solved and how.

Discover how to streamline your SEO analysis and reporting for more efficient results tracking and progress communication.

Find out how to develop and execute impactful SEO strategies by leveraging advanced tools.

Learn how to tackle technical, off-page, and on-page issues to enhance website performance.

Discover how to streamline client management, team onboarding, and collaboration.

The training includes

Theory

2 hours of lessons that walk you through the entire platform. Videos are easy to follow and last between 2 to 10 minutes.

Practice

Test your knowledge to see if you understand the main points. Practice what you’ve learned right away.

Certificate

Complete the SE Ranking tutorial course and get at least 80% of the test questions right to get the SE Ranking Academy certificate.

Start course

Course Structure

32 lessons 22 test questions

Expand all sections

Setting Up Your SEO Project & Tracking Rankings

AI Visibility: Analyzing & Tracking Brand Presence in AI Answers

Keyword Research: Finding the Right Keywords for SEO Success

Competitive Research: How to Outrank Your Competition

How to Check Technical SEO: Start with a Website Audit

On-Page SEO: Optimizing Content for Search Engines

Off-Page SEO: Building Authority & Backlinks

Local SEO: Optimizing for Local Search Results

Content Creation

SEO Reporting & Data Analysis: Performance Tracking & Optimization

Team Collaboration: Scaling SEO for Clients & Teams

Solutions for Agency

How do I get started?

If you are already subscribed to the platform, you can start the SE Ranking tutorial course right away! Access to the Academy lasts for the duration of your subscription. If you are new to SE Ranking and want to get started, please sign up first.

Start course
Who we are

SE Ranking is a robust SEO toolkit that combines unique datasets with advanced features to help SEO pros build and execute effective strategies. Trusted by 1,000,000 users worldwide, the platform offers flexible subscription plans with generous data limits to support client growth.

We designed our academy SEO courses, blog, online events and YouTube tutorials to assist the SE Ranking community at every step of their journey. We equip our users with all the guidance they need to succeed in the SEO industry.

SE Ranking is best suited for small to mid-sized agencies and in-house teams seeking a robust SEO toolkit with extensive collaboration features. Most SE Ranking subscription plans offer extra user seats for team members unlimited projects to meet your clients’ needs.

1.5M+
REGISTERED EXPERTS
9.8
PLATFORM USER RATING
40K+
COMPANIES USE SE RANKING
4.8 / 5
OUR AVERAGE REVIEWS RATING
Need further guidance?

For any questions, please contact us at academy@seranking.com. We are always happy to help with any questions or concerns. We are also committed to improving your experience with SE Ranking Academy by providing insights and suggestions.

Share this course

Core SEO Tools
Rank Tracker
Website Audit
On-Page SEO Checker
SERP Tracker
Backlink Checker
Keyword Grouper
Keyword Tool
Website Competitor Analysis Tool
AI Overviews Tracker
All features
Performance & Reporting Tools
Webpage Monitor
SEO Report Generator
SEO Dashboard
Add-ons
Local Marketing Software
Content Marketing Tool
Agency Pack
White Label
Additional Services
SEO API
Free SEO tools
SEO Task Manager
Support & Partnership
Contact
Help
Affiliate
Educational Partnership Program
Company & Resources
SEO Blog
About
Careers
What’s New
Testimonials
Webinars
Academy
Competitors
Legal & Technical
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Information
Open Source Attributions
Download
EN
English
© 2013 - 2026 SER Acquisition Inc. All Rights Reserved